Expanded data structure and formats page + a small things (#57)
nsidc/NSIDC-Data-Cookbook: future-content-storage.qmd

### A temporary place to store content that didn't make the cut on other pages, but that may be useful in the future as more content is added. 
____

### Tabular data vs data frames

Tabular files (CSV, TSV) are **storage formats** whereas data frames are **analysis structures** used in programming environments that:
- Preserve column types
- Support indexing and grouping
- Can attach metadata alongside data

Data frames can extend tabular data with indexing, metadata, and transformation capabilities.

Conceptually:

```
CSV file  →  Data frame  →  Analysis / visualization
```

> Many workflows often involve converting tabular files into data frames for analysis, then exporting results back to tabular form for sharing. Although it is easy to "imagine" data drames much like you would a spreadhseet, they can be created (and worked on) from data that is NOT tabular in nature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many workflows often involve converting tabular files into data frames for analysis, then exporting results back to tabular form for sharing. Although it is easy to "imagine" data frames much like you would a spreadsheet, they can be created (and worked on) from data that is NOT tabular in nature.
```
